app/intelehealth/client/database/dao/ObsDAO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.ObsDAO
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/SessionManager.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.SessionManager
app/intelehealth/client/activities/IntroActivity/IntroActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.IntroActivity.IntroActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.IntroActivity.IntroActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.IntroActivity.IntroActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.IntroActivity.IntroActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.IntroActivity.IntroActivity$4
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.IntroActivity.IntroActivity$5
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.IntroActivity.IntroActivity$5$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.IntroActivity.IntroActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.IntroActivity.IntroActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$1
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/VisitDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.VisitDTO
app/intelehealth/client/services/firebase_services/MyFirebaseInstanceIdService.java
 app.intelehealth.client.services.firebase_services.MyFirebaseInstanceIdService
app/intelehealth/client/models/patientImageModelRequest/PatientProfile.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.patientImageModelRequest.PatientProfile
app/intelehealth/client/activities/additionalDocumentsActivity/AdditionalDocumentViewHolder.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.additionalDocumentsActivity.AdditionalDocumentViewHolder
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginModel/User.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginModel.User
app/intelehealth/client/services/firebase_services/MyFirebaseMessagingService.java
 app.intelehealth.client.services.firebase_services.MyFirebaseMessagingService
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushResponseApiCall/PersonList.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushResponseApiCall.PersonList
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/AutoFitGridRecyclerView.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.AutoFitGridRecyclerView
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginModel/Link___.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginModel.Link___
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushRequestApiCall/Person.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushRequestApiCall.Person
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/PatientAttributesDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.PatientAttributesDTO
app/intelehealth/client/activities/patientDetailActivity/PatientDetailActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.patientDetailActivity.PatientDetailActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.patientDetailActivity.PatientDetailActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.patientDetailActivity.PatientDetailActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.patientDetailActivity.PatientDetailActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.patientDetailActivity.PatientDetailActivity$4
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.patientDetailActivity.PatientDetailActivity$Myreceiver
app/intelehealth/client/models/Resource.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.Resource
app/intelehealth/client/models/uploadSurvey/EncounterProvider.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.uploadSurvey.EncounterProvider
app/intelehealth/client/knowledgeEngine/PhysicalExam.java
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.PhysicalExam
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/OpenMRSAccountAuthenticatorService.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.OpenMRSAccountAuthenticatorService
app/intelehealth/client/models/Link.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.Link
app/intelehealth/client/models/ObsImageModel/Value.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ObsImageModel.Value
app/intelehealth/client/models/ObsImageModel/Encounter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ObsImageModel.Encounter
app/intelehealth/client/services/DownloadProtocolsTask.java
 app.intelehealth.client.services.DownloadProtocolsTask
 app.intelehealth.client.services.DownloadProtocolsTask$Mindmap
app/intelehealth/client/activities/setupActivity/SetupActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity$4
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity$4$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity$5
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity$6
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity$7
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity$8
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity$8$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.SetupActivity$9
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/EncounterDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.EncounterDTO
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/InputFilterMinMax.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.InputFilterMinMax
app/intelehealth/client/activities/pastMedicalHistoryActivity/PastMedicalHistoryActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.pastMedicalHistoryActivity.PastMedicalHistoryActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.pastMedicalHistoryActivity.PastMedicalHistoryActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.pastMedicalHistoryActivity.PastMedicalHistoryActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.pastMedicalHistoryActivity.PastMedicalHistoryActivity$3
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushRequestApiCall/EncounterProvider.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushRequestApiCall.EncounterProvider
app/intelehealth/client/activities/todayPatientActivity/TodayPatientActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.todayPatientActivity.TodayPatientActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.todayPatientActivity.TodayPatientActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.todayPatientActivity.TodayPatientActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.todayPatientActivity.TodayPatientActivity$3
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/StringUtils.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.StringUtils
app/intelehealth/client/activities/videoLibraryActivity/VideoLibraryActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.videoLibraryActivity.VideoLibraryActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.videoLibraryActivity.VideoLibraryActivity$1
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginModel/Privilege.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginModel.Privilege
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/StringEncryption.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.StringEncryption
app/intelehealth/client/activities/visitSummaryActivity/HorizontalAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.HorizontalAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.HorizontalAdapter$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.HorizontalAdapter$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.HorizontalAdapter$2$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.HorizontalAdapter$3
app/intelehealth/client/activities/visitSummaryActivity/MyViewHolder.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.MyViewHolder
app/intelehealth/client/models/ObsImageModel/ObsPushDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ObsImageModel.ObsPushDTO
app/intelehealth/client/networkApiCalls/ApiClient.java
 app.intelehealth.client.networkApiCalls.ApiClient
app/intelehealth/client/activities/splash_activity/SplashActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.splash_activity.SplashActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.splash_activity.SplashActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.splash_activity.SplashActivity$1$1
app/intelehealth/client/models/VitalsObject.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.VitalsObject
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginProviderModel/Link.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginProviderModel.Link
app/intelehealth/client/app/AppConstants.java
 app.intelehealth.client.app.AppConstants
app/intelehealth/client/activities/additionalDocumentsActivity/AdditionalDocumentAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.additionalDocumentsActivity.AdditionalDocumentAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.additionalDocumentsActivity.AdditionalDocumentAdapter$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.additionalDocumentsActivity.AdditionalDocumentAdapter$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.additionalDocumentsActivity.AdditionalDocumentAdapter$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.additionalDocumentsActivity.AdditionalDocumentAdapter$3$1
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/PatientsFrameJson.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.PatientsFrameJson
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/pageindicator/AbstractViewPagerAttacher.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.pageindicator.AbstractViewPagerAttacher
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/IReturnValues.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.IReturnValues
app/intelehealth/client/models/Patient.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.Patient
app/intelehealth/client/models/CheckAppUpdateRes.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.CheckAppUpdateRes
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/exception/ActionException.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.exception.ActionException
app/intelehealth/client/activities/vitalActivity/VitalsActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.vitalActivity.VitalsActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.vitalActivity.VitalsActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.vitalActivity.VitalsActivity$10
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.vitalActivity.VitalsActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.vitalActivity.VitalsActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.vitalActivity.VitalsActivity$4
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.vitalActivity.VitalsActivity$5
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.vitalActivity.VitalsActivity$6
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.vitalActivity.VitalsActivity$7
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.vitalActivity.VitalsActivity$8
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.vitalActivity.VitalsActivity$9
app/intelehealth/client/app/IntelehealthApplication.java
 app.intelehealth.client.app.IntelehealthApplication
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginProviderModel/LoginProviderModel.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginProviderModel.LoginProviderModel
app/intelehealth/client/models/ObsImageModel/Concept.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ObsImageModel.Concept
app/intelehealth/client/models/ClsDoctorDetails.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ClsDoctorDetails
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushRequestApiCall/Ob.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushRequestApiCall.Ob
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginModel/Link_.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginModel.Link_
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginModel/Person.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginModel.Person
app/intelehealth/client/activities/complaintNodeActivity/ComplaintNodeListAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.complaintNodeActivity.ComplaintNodeListAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.complaintNodeActivity.ComplaintNodeListAdapter$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.complaintNodeActivity.ComplaintNodeListAdapter$ItemViewHolder
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginModel/Link.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginModel.Link
app/intelehealth/client/models/Results.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.Results
app/intelehealth/client/models/ObsImageModel/Person.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ObsImageModel.Person
app/intelehealth/client/widget/materialprogressbar/MaterialProgressDrawable.java
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressDrawable
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressDrawable$1
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressDrawable$2
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressDrawable$3
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressDrawable$EndCurveInterpolator
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressDrawable$ProgressDrawableSize
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressDrawable$StartCurveInterpolator
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/VisitAttributeTypeDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.VisitAttributeTypeDTO
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/NotificationID.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.NotificationID
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/LocationDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.LocationDTO
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/FileUtils.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.FileUtils
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/PatientDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.PatientDTO
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginModel/UserProperties.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginModel.UserProperties
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/AdminPassword.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.AdminPassword
app/intelehealth/client/models/ObsImageModel/Link.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ObsImageModel.Link
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/Base64Utils.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.Base64Utils
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushResponseApiCall/Encounterlist.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushResponseApiCall.Encounterlist
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/DownloadMindMaps.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.DownloadMindMaps
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/UuidDictionary.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.UuidDictionary
app/intelehealth/client/database/dao/SyncDAO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.SyncDAO
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.SyncDAO$1
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.SyncDAO$2
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.SyncDAO$3
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/UrlModifiers.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.UrlModifiers
app/intelehealth/client/services/UpdateDownloadPrescriptionService.java
 app.intelehealth.client.services.UpdateDownloadPrescriptionService
app/intelehealth/client/activities/activePatientsActivity/ActivePatientActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.activePatientsActivity.ActivePatientActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.activePatientsActivity.ActivePatientActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.activePatientsActivity.ActivePatientActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.activePatientsActivity.ActivePatientActivity$3
app/intelehealth/client/database/dao/ImagesDAO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.ImagesDAO
app/intelehealth/client/networkApiCalls/ApiInterface.java
 app.intelehealth.client.networkApiCalls.ApiInterface
app/intelehealth/client/knowledgeEngine/Node.java
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$1
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$10
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$11
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$12
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$13
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$14
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$15
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$16
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$17
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$18
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$19
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$2
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$20
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$21
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$22
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$23
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$24
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$25
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$26
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$27
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$28
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$29
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$3
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$30
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$31
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$32
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$33
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$33$1
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$4
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$5
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$6
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$7
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$8
 app.intelehealth.client.knowledgeEngine.Node$9
app/intelehealth/client/activities/videoLibraryActivity/VideoLibraryAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.videoLibraryActivity.VideoLibraryAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.videoLibraryActivity.VideoLibraryAdapter$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.videoLibraryActivity.VideoLibraryAdapter$VideoLibraryHolder
app/intelehealth/client/activities/complaintNodeActivity/CustomArrayAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.complaintNodeActivity.CustomArrayAdapter
app/intelehealth/client/activities/setupActivity/LocationArrayAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.setupActivity.LocationArrayAdapter
app/intelehealth/client/services/RunAfterBootService.java
 app.intelehealth.client.services.RunAfterBootService
app/intelehealth/client/activities/identificationActivity/IdentificationActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$10
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$11
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$12
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$13
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$14
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$15
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$16
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$17
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$4
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$5
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$6
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$7
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$8
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$9
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$9$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$9$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$9$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.identificationActivity.IdentificationActivity$9$4
app/intelehealth/client/activities/cameraActivity/CameraActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.cameraActivity.CameraActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.cameraActivity.CameraActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.cameraActivity.CameraActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.cameraActivity.CameraActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.cameraActivity.CameraActivity$4
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.cameraActivity.CameraActivity$5
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.cameraActivity.CameraActivity$6
app/intelehealth/client/syncModule/SyncWorkManager.java
 app.intelehealth.client.syncModule.SyncWorkManager
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/pageindicator/RecyclerViewAttacher.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.pageindicator.RecyclerViewAttacher
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.pageindicator.RecyclerViewAttacher$1
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.pageindicator.RecyclerViewAttacher$2
app/intelehealth/client/database/dao/PatientsDAO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.PatientsDAO
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushRequestApiCall/Visit.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushRequestApiCall.Visit
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/ObsDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.ObsDTO
app/intelehealth/client/activities/searchPatientActivity/SearchSuggestionProvider.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.searchPatientActivity.SearchSuggestionProvider
app/intelehealth/client/activities/physcialExamActivity/PhysicalExamActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.physcialExamActivity.PhysicalExamActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.physcialExamActivity.PhysicalExamActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.physcialExamActivity.PhysicalExamActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.physcialExamActivity.PhysicalExamActivity$PlaceholderFragment
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.physcialExamActivity.PhysicalExamActivity$PlaceholderFragment$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.physcialExamActivity.PhysicalExamActivity$PlaceholderFragment$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.physcialExamActivity.PhysicalExamActivity$SectionsPagerAdapter
app/intelehealth/client/models/ObsImageModel/Link_.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ObsImageModel.Link_
app/intelehealth/client/models/DocumentObject.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.DocumentObject
app/intelehealth/client/database/dao/ProviderDAO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.ProviderDAO
app/intelehealth/client/database/dao/LocationDAO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.LocationDAO
app/intelehealth/client/activities/appCompatPreferenceActivity/AppCompatPreferenceActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.appCompatPreferenceActivity.AppCompatPreferenceActivity
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/DownloadFilesUtils.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.DownloadFilesUtils
app/intelehealth/client/BuildConfig.java
 app.intelehealth.client.BuildConfig
app/intelehealth/client/activities/questionNodeActivity/QuestionsAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionsAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionsAdapter$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionsAdapter$ChipsAdapterViewHolder
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionsAdapter$ComplaintNodeListAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionsAdapter$ComplaintNodeListAdapter$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionsAdapter$ComplaintNodeListAdapter$1$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionsAdapter$ComplaintNodeListAdapter$1$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionsAdapter$ComplaintNodeListAdapter$1$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionsAdapter$ComplaintNodeListAdapter$ItemViewHolder
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionsAdapter$FabClickListener
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/Data.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.Data
app/intelehealth/client/activities/homeActivity/HomeActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$10
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$11
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$12
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$13
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$14
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$14$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$4
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$5
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$6
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$7
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$8
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$9
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeActivity$Myreceiver
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginModel/Role.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginModel.Role
app/intelehealth/client/activities/visitSummaryActivity/VisitSummaryActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$10
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$10$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$10$1$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$10$1$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$10$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$10$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$11
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$11$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$11$1$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$11$1$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$11$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$11$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$12
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$13
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$13$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$14
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$15
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$16
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$17
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$18
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$19
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$20
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$21
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$22
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$4
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$5
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$6
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$6$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$7
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$8
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$8$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$8$1$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$8$1$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$8$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$8$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$9
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$9$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$9$1$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$9$1$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$9$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$9$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$DownloadPrescriptionService
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.visitSummaryActivity.VisitSummaryActivity$NetworkChangeReceiver
app/intelehealth/client/services/DownloadService.java
 app.intelehealth.client.services.DownloadService
 app.intelehealth.client.services.DownloadService$1
app/intelehealth/client/activities/homeActivity/HomeAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.homeActivity.HomeAdapter$IconViewHolder
app/intelehealth/client/models/ObsImageModel/Link___.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ObsImageModel.Link___
app/intelehealth/client/activities/questionNodeActivity/QuestionNodeActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionNodeActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionNodeActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionNodeActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionNodeActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.QuestionNodeActivity$4
app/intelehealth/client/activities/loginActivity/LoginActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.loginActivity.LoginActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.loginActivity.LoginActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.loginActivity.LoginActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.loginActivity.LoginActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.loginActivity.LoginActivity$4
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.loginActivity.LoginActivity$4$1
app/intelehealth/client/models/TodayPatientModel.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.TodayPatientModel
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/NotificationUtils.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.NotificationUtils
app/intelehealth/client/models/uploadSurvey/Ob.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.uploadSurvey.Ob
app/intelehealth/client/syncModule/BootCompleteReceiver.java
 app.intelehealth.client.syncModule.BootCompleteReceiver
app/intelehealth/client/widget/materialprogressbar/CircleProgressBar.java
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.CircleProgressBar
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.CircleProgressBar$OvalShadow
app/intelehealth/client/activities/videoLibraryActivity/VideoLibraryFragment.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.videoLibraryActivity.VideoLibraryFragment
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.videoLibraryActivity.VideoLibraryFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/Logger.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.Logger
app/intelehealth/client/models/ObsImageModel/ObsJsonResponse.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ObsImageModel.ObsJsonResponse
app/intelehealth/client/database/InteleHealthDatabaseHelper.java
 app.intelehealth.client.database.InteleHealthDatabaseHelper
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/ResponseDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.ResponseDTO
app/intelehealth/client/activities/settingsActivity/SettingsActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$4
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$5
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$6
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$7
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$CloudRestoreFragment
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$DataSyncPreferenceFragment
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$LanguagePreferenceFragment
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$LanguagePreferenceFragment$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.settingsActivity.SettingsActivity$NotificationPreferenceFragment
app/intelehealth/client/activities/todayPatientActivity/TodayPatientAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.todayPatientActivity.TodayPatientAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.todayPatientActivity.TodayPatientAdapter$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.todayPatientActivity.TodayPatientAdapter$TodayPatientViewHolder
app/intelehealth/client/activities/privacyNoticeActivity/PrivacyNotice_Activity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.privacyNoticeActivity.PrivacyNotice_Activity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.privacyNoticeActivity.PrivacyNotice_Activity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.privacyNoticeActivity.PrivacyNotice_Activity$2
app/intelehealth/client/models/download/Download.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.download.Download
 app.intelehealth.client.models.download.Download$1
app/intelehealth/client/activities/questionNodeActivity/adapters/AssociatedSysAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.adapters.AssociatedSysAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.adapters.AssociatedSysAdapter$FabVisibility
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.questionNodeActivity.adapters.AssociatedSysAdapter$ItemViewHolder
app/intelehealth/client/activities/searchPatientActivity/SearchPatientActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.searchPatientActivity.SearchPatientActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.searchPatientActivity.SearchPatientActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.searchPatientActivity.SearchPatientActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.searchPatientActivity.SearchPatientActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.searchPatientActivity.SearchPatientActivity$4
app/intelehealth/client/activities/familyHistoryActivity/FamilyHistoryActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.familyHistoryActivity.FamilyHistoryActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.familyHistoryActivity.FamilyHistoryActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.familyHistoryActivity.FamilyHistoryActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.familyHistoryActivity.FamilyHistoryActivity$3
app/intelehealth/client/services/LastSyncIntentService.java
 app.intelehealth.client.services.LastSyncIntentService
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/OfflineLogin.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.OfflineLogin
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushResponseApiCall/Data.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushResponseApiCall.Data
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushRequestApiCall/Identifier.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushRequestApiCall.Identifier
app/intelehealth/client/database/dao/VisitsDAO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.VisitsDAO
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushRequestApiCall/Address.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushRequestApiCall.Address
app/intelehealth/client/activities/additionalDocumentsActivity/AdditionalDocumentsActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.additionalDocumentsActivity.AdditionalDocumentsActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.additionalDocumentsActivity.AdditionalDocumentsActivity$1
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/ConfigUtils.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.ConfigUtils
app/intelehealth/client/activities/activitySync/ActivitySync.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.activitySync.ActivitySync
app/intelehealth/client/services/MyIntentService.java
 app.intelehealth.client.services.MyIntentService
app/intelehealth/client/syncModule/VisitSummaryWork.java
 app.intelehealth.client.syncModule.VisitSummaryWork
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushResponseApiCall/Patientlist.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushResponseApiCall.Patientlist
app/intelehealth/client/models/DownloadMindMapRes.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.DownloadMindMapRes
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/NetworkConnection.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.NetworkConnection
app/intelehealth/client/activities/complaintNodeActivity/ComplaintNodeActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.complaintNodeActivity.ComplaintNodeActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.complaintNodeActivity.ComplaintNodeActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.complaintNodeActivity.ComplaintNodeActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.complaintNodeActivity.ComplaintNodeActivity$3
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.complaintNodeActivity.ComplaintNodeActivity$4
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.complaintNodeActivity.ComplaintNodeActivity$5
app/intelehealth/client/dataMigration/SmoothUpgrade.java
 app.intelehealth.client.dataMigration.SmoothUpgrade
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/DialogUtils.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.DialogUtils
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.DialogUtils$1
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.DialogUtils$2
app/intelehealth/client/database/dao/EncounterDAO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.EncounterDAO
app/intelehealth/client/models/ObsImageModel/Link__.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ObsImageModel.Link__
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushRequestApiCall/Attribute.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushRequestApiCall.Attribute
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/UuidGenerator.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.UuidGenerator
app/intelehealth/client/models/Location.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.Location
app/intelehealth/client/widget/materialprogressbar/CustomProgressDialog.java
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.CustomProgressDialog
 app.intelehealth.client.widget.materialprogressbar.CustomProgressDialog$1
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/EditTextUtils.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.EditTextUtils
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.EditTextUtils$1
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginModel/Link__.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginModel.Link__
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/pageindicator/ScrollingPagerIndicator.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.pageindicator.ScrollingPagerIndicator
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.pageindicator.ScrollingPagerIndicator$1
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.pageindicator.ScrollingPagerIndicator$Orientation
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.pageindicator.ScrollingPagerIndicator$PagerAttacher
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushRequestApiCall/PushRequestApiCall.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushRequestApiCall.PushRequestApiCall
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushRequestApiCall/Encounter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushRequestApiCall.Encounter
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/PatientAttributeTypeMasterDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.PatientAttributeTypeMasterDTO
app/intelehealth/client/syncModule/SyncUtils.java
 app.intelehealth.client.syncModule.SyncUtils
 app.intelehealth.client.syncModule.SyncUtils$1
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushRequestApiCall/Patient.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushRequestApiCall.Patient
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginProviderModel/Result.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginProviderModel.Result
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/exception/DAOException.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.exception.DAOException
app/intelehealth/client/database/dao/ImagesPushDAO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.ImagesPushDAO
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.ImagesPushDAO$1
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.ImagesPushDAO$2
 app.intelehealth.client.database.dao.ImagesPushDAO$3
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/VisitAttributeDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.VisitAttributeDTO
app/intelehealth/client/syncModule/LastSyncWork.java
 app.intelehealth.client.syncModule.LastSyncWork
app/intelehealth/client/models/uploadSurvey/Survey.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.uploadSurvey.Survey
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/IntelehealthAuthenticator.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.IntelehealthAuthenticator
app/intelehealth/client/models/ObsImageModel/Links.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ObsImageModel.Links
app/intelehealth/client/utilities/DateAndTimeUtils.java
 app.intelehealth.client.utilities.DateAndTimeUtils
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushRequestApiCall/Name.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushRequestApiCall.Name
app/intelehealth/client/models/ActivePatientModel.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.ActivePatientModel
app/intelehealth/client/activities/searchPatientActivity/SearchPatientAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.searchPatientActivity.SearchPatientAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.searchPatientActivity.SearchPatientAdapter$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.searchPatientActivity.SearchPatientAdapter$Myholder
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushResponseApiCall/Visitlist.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushResponseApiCall.Visitlist
app/intelehealth/client/models/dto/ProviderDTO.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.dto.ProviderDTO
app/intelehealth/client/activities/patientSurveyActivity/PatientSurveyActivity.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.patientSurveyActivity.PatientSurveyActivity
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.patientSurveyActivity.PatientSurveyActivity$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.patientSurveyActivity.PatientSurveyActivity$2
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.patientSurveyActivity.PatientSurveyActivity$3
app/intelehealth/client/models/loginModel/LoginModel.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.loginModel.LoginModel
app/intelehealth/client/models/pushResponseApiCall/PushResponseApiCall.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.pushResponseApiCall.PushResponseApiCall
app/intelehealth/client/models/VisitUuidModel.java
 app.intelehealth.client.models.VisitUuidModel
 app.intelehealth.client.models.VisitUuidModel$1
app/intelehealth/client/activities/physcialExamActivity/CustomExpandableListAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.physcialExamActivity.CustomExpandableListAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.physcialExamActivity.CustomExpandableListAdapter$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.physcialExamActivity.CustomExpandableListAdapter$2
app/intelehealth/client/activities/activePatientsActivity/ActivePatientAdapter.java
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.activePatientsActivity.ActivePatientAdapter
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.activePatientsActivity.ActivePatientAdapter$1
 app.intelehealth.client.activities.activePatientsActivity.ActivePatientAdapter$ActivePatientViewHolder
